ak:aku
atao:atau
agr:agar
anjiiiiiiiingggggg:anjing
ayoookkk:ayo
arogant:arogan
akutuuu:aku
ad:ada
ank:anak
ando:andovi
asiiiiiiiiiipppppp:siap
asiiyaaap:siap
ay:saya
anjayyy:anjay
aowkwok:tertawa
anak2:anak-anak
aowkwkwkwk:tertawa
aseemmm:asem
aowkwkwk:tertawa
apa3:apa-apa
ahirnya:akhirnya
afk:pergi
abisssssss:abis
anjir:keren
ashiiaaapppp:siap
abiss:abis
abeezzz:abis
abisssss:abis
akuta:ak
ambyarr:ambyar
ampuuun:ampun
amburadul:berantakan
all:semua
aseeeeekkkk:asik
ajibbbbb:mantap
aseeeeek:asik
anjeng:anjing
ancur:hancur
amit2:amit-amit
apa"nya:apa apa
ayink:anjing
anying:anjing
anjingg:anjing
ajg:anjing
aaakkkkmmm:kamu
ata:atta
ama:sama
asiasaaasp:siap
akhir2:akhir-akhir
abg:remaja
apaaaaaan:apa
ade:adik
afal:hafal
asliii:asli
as:seperti
always:selalu
ama:sama
abis:habis
auto:langsung
ags:agustus
abis:habis
anyway:omong-omong
ajib:mantap
asliiiiiiiiiiiiiii:asli
ajg:anjing
asliiiii:asli
apple:apel
adudomba:adu domba
bangg:bang
bnr:benar
bawa2:bawa-bawa
bkn:bukan
bkan:bukan
boker:buang air besar
benar2:benar-benar
bngsd:bangsat
bngst:bangsat
bagussss:bagus
bless:menyertai
badaii:badai
baddaazzzzzzzzz:keren
bgtttt:banget
bgt:banget
bgttt:banget
bgtt:banget
berenti:berhenti
began:dimulai
bacotttt:banyak bicara
by:dengan
bngt:banget
bar:rusuh
btw:omong-omong
bngttt:banget
boy:laki-laki
bangsaaattttt:bangsat
bestttt:best
besttt:best
bisa2:bisa-bisa
blum:belum
bebebrapa:beberapa
bagusss:bagus
byeee:selamat tinggal
blm:belum
bangeett:banget
batzzz:banget
bentar:sebentar
berenti:berhenti
bgini:begini
bgitu:begitu
belom:belum
benerbener:bener-bener
bikinnn:buat
baguss:bagus
bgus:bagus
bosen:bosan
bullying:perundungan
bet:banget
bangeeet:banget
bangeeetttt:banget
batle:battle
berak:buang air besar
brilliant:cemerlang
bp:bapak
bangeeeeet:banget
bercabda:bercanda
but:tapi
bnyak:banyak
bacott:banyak bicara
bacot:banyak bicara
bacod:banyak bicara
bosen":bosan bosan
brp:berapa
bsa:bisa
bs:bisa
bangeettgy:banget
bikin:membuat
biaaaaaaanget:banget
berkali":berkali-kali
bener2:benar benar
blacpink:blackpink
bapa:bapak
bnget:banget
bangettt:banget
bangettttt:banget
bangett:banget
bui:penjara
bosenin:membosankan
brita:berita
bangetzzzzz:banget
blum:belum
balik:kembali
baper:bawa perasaan
bowo:prabowo
bbbuanget:banget
broda:saudara
blook:bodoh
bner2:benar-benar
blekping:blackpink
brtohers:saudara
bingiiittzzz:banget
boneka2an:boneka-boneka
bocil:anak kecil
benerrr:benar
back:kembali
brkali2:berkali-kali
baur:menyatu
cakeeuppp:bagus
cokmus:coki muslim
cabut:pergi
cameoooo:cameo
capres:calon presiden
casting:pemilihan pemain-pemain
content:konten
cpa:siapa
creative:kreatif
comment:komentar
chanell:channel
collabs:kolaborasi
creators:pencipta
cuman:cuma
cmn:cuma
ciduk:mengambil
class:berkelas
congrate:selamat
coocok:mantaap
coky:coki
cyduk:ciduk
cokmus:coki muslim
cakepppp:bagus
candraliaw:chandraliow
cool:keren
curhat:cerita
cringe:jijik
cungkring:kurung tinggi
comen:komentar
cringgy:ngeri
challange:tantangan
carackter:karakter
dapet:dapat
dsmbrr:desember
dislike:tidak suka
dalem:bermakna
daripa:daripada
dilapangn:dilapangan
denger:dengar
dahlah:sudahlah
dngar:dengar
danger:dengar
dgn:dengan
dnwld:unduhan
diki2:sedikit
depat:debat
dewe:sendiri
diitung:dihitung
disangka2:disangka-sangka
dg:dengan
dichanel:dichannel
dsni:disini
deficit:defisit
dlam:dalam
dlu:dulu
downnn:down
disslike:tidak suka
dawasalah:dewasalah
dua2nya:dua duaya
dr:dari
duo:dua
daebakkkkkkkk:keren
disslike:tidak suka
everrrrr:ever
easy:mudah
elo:kamu
emel:mobile legend
emng:emang
emnggg:emang
emg:emang
epicccc:epic
easily:mudah
embel2:embel-embel
erb:epic rap battle
excuse:permisi
ektingnya:aktingnya
epic:epik
enakk:enak
ending:akhirnya
fav:favorit
fix:pasti
fales:fals
flem:film
flemnya:filmnya
flow:mengalir
freak:aneh
fireeeeee:fire
from:dari
funny:lucu
fikirkan:pikirkan
faham:paham
fuckkkkkk:sialan
fak:sialan
fansnya:penggemarnya
first:pertama
fucek:sialan
fans:penggemar
gw:saya
gegara:gara gara
guwa:saya
gx:tidak
gueh:saya
gua:saya
gilaaaaaaa:gila
game:permainan
gassss:ayo
gile:gila
geserblackpig:blackpink
gue:saya
gileeee:keren
golvot:golput
gg:permainan bagus
goal:tujuan
goksss:keren
gokssssd:keren
goks:keren
gookksss:keren
gatuh:tidak
guys:teman-teman
gillaa:gila
god:tuhan
ggwp:good game well played
gilaaa:gila
gilaa:gila
gilaaaaaa:gila
gilaaaaa:gila
gilla:gila
goblooooooooook:bodoh
gede:besar
gedein:besarkan
gilaaakk:gila
gpp:tidak apa apa
gela:gila
ggila:gila
gasss:gas 
gerrrrrraaaaaahhh:panas
gilakkk:gila
gilaaaaa:gila
ganas:ganas-ganas
gelasehhhh:gila
gelaseh:gila
gela:gila
greged:lucu
gara2:gara-gara
goosebumps:merinding
great:hebat
ga:tidak
g:tidak
geserr:geser
gmna:gimana
gokil:keren
guenih:saya
golout:golput
gokill:keren
gimanayah:gimana
gk:tidak
hrus:harus
hoaks:berita palsu
hoax:berita palsu
hoby:hobi
hacep:pecah
hgu:hak guna-usah
hard:keras
aha:tertawa
hayoo:ayo
history:sejarah
hayooooo:ayo
hadirr:hadir
hatihati:hati-hati
hbis:habis
hati2:hati-hati
how:bagaimana
Hehehe:tertawa
hahahanjing:anjing
hahaha:tertawa
handsssss:hands
i:saya
import:impor
ikuttt:ikut
insyallah:insya allah
insaallah:insya allah
itung:hitung
ijin:izin
indonesiaa:indonesia
ig:instagram
idiw:jijik
insporasi:inspirasi
inikah:ini
indo:indonesia
id:indonesia
ingt:ingat
ingsaallah:insya allah
intellectuall:intelektual
iye:iya
ia:dia
ikannnnnn:ikan
isu2:isu-isu
iniii:ini
iyo:iya
in:di
iklas:ikhlas
jd:jadi
joss:mantap
josss:mantap
jo:jovi
just:cuma
juny:juni
jngan:jangan
jiwaaa:jiwa
juoossss:mantap
jgn:jangan
jadiin:jadikan
janji2:janji janji
jadiin:dijadikan
jk:jusuf kala
jokowyik:jokowi
jarang2:jarang-jarang
jt:juta
jls:jelas
joged:menari
jogettt:menari
joget:menari
jokowie:jokowi
janga:jangan
josssss:mantap
jokwidodo:joko widodo
jo:jangan
joss:mantap
jancok:sialan
jelas2:jelas jelas
jokowaw:jokowi
jiwaaaaa:jiwa
jaman:zaman
joko:jokowi
jokowiiii:jokowi
jokowilagi:jokowi lagi
kereeeeennnnn:keren
kereeenn:keren
kereeennnn:keren
klh:kalah
kakakuuu:kakak
klau:kalau
km:kamu
kmu:kamu
kereen:keren
kagak:tidak
kereeeeeeeenn:keren
kelaskelaskelassss:berkelas
kejem:kejam
kejemnya:kejamnya
kuy:ayo
koment:komentar
ky:seperti
komen:komentar
kont*l:kontol
kya:seperti
kudaaaaaaaaa:kuda
kerennnnnnn:keren
kerennnnnn:keren
kurng:kurang
kren:keren
kelasssss:berkelas
kelass:berkelas
kbebasan:kebebasan
ksn:kesini
kelasss:berkelas
knp:kenapa
konten2:konten-konten
ksni:kesini
kece:keren
kick:keluarkan
kallo:kalau
kereeeen:keren
keceee:keren
klo:kalau
kurng:kurang
ka:kakak
kek:seperti
kren:keren
krenn:keren
kerenn:keren
keeereeeeeennnnn:keren
kbnykn:kebanyakan
keceh:keren
katany:katanya
karyaa:karya
kerennnn:keren
kerennn:keren
kerreeeeennnnnnn:keren
kerenn:keren
keyk:seperti
karna:karena
kurng:kurang
kaka:kakak
kta:kita
kereennn:keren
kereenn:keren
kece:keren
kewreeennnnn:keren
kereennnnnn:keren
kaliannnnnn:kalian
krna:karena
krn:karena
kudu:harus
Kewren:keren
ku:aku
kuu:aku
kontenya:kontennya
kitamah:kita
kalahe:kalah
kw2:palsu
keren2:keren keren
kalia:kalian
keok:kalah
keeeren:keren
kyk:seperti
kayak:seperti
kontenkreator:pembuat konten
kon***:kontol
kakakakakaa:kakak
krennn:keren
karno:karena
ktl:kontol
ketawa":ketawa-ketawa
kanggo:untuk
ktawa:ketawa
keereenn:keren
kocak:lucu
kaacaaaoow:kacau
keep:menyimpan
kerren:keren
kelassssss:berkelas
komenan:komentar
knp:kenapa
knpa:kenapa
klk:kalau
keiklasan:keihklasan
kk:kakak
kereeen:keren
kalaau:kalau
kidiw:wow
lejen:legend
lo:kamu
lagikah:lagi
luewwwbsbjen:legend
lyrics:lirik
lamaan:lama
liat:lihat
lu:kamu
lebay:berlebihan
lebihin:lebih
lol:tertawa
lngsng:langsung
lebayy:berlebihan
lngsung:langsung
lur:saudara
lmao:tertawa terpingkal-pingkal
lanjutkn:lanjtkan
loe:kamu
lgi:lagi
lg:lagi
liittt:keren
lit:keren
litt:keren
littt:keren
lagiii:lagi
laugh:tertawa
lagii:lagi
like:suka
listening:mendengarkan
lbh:lebih
mobale:mobile
money:uang
me:saya
manaa:mana
mntap:mantap
mantaap:mantap
mancay"mantap
mntul:mantap betul
mantraaaaaaappppppp:mantap
mantapppp:mantap
merindinggggggg:merinding
musiknyaaa:musiknya
mantapsss:mantap
mantaps:mantap
mengolok2:mengolok-ngolok
mulu:terus
maen:main
merindingggg:merinding
manthaaaap:mantap
mewek:nangis
maaanntuuull:mantap betul
mrinding:merinding
mantab:mantap
made:membuat
mainnnnn:main
mylhnya:masalahnya
mamgap:mantap
mlh:malah
mentup2:menutup-nutupi
ml:mobile legend
mainnnnn:main
moment:momen
makin:semakin
malem2:malam malam
mobuewl:mobile
mesquen:miskin
manut:nurut
mk:mahkamah konstitusi
muanteb:mantap
mgkn:mungkin
mudamudahan:mudah-mudahan
musiknyaaa:musiknya
muantul:mantap betul
mantul:mantap betul
mantull:mantap betul
mantulll:mantap betul
mantullll:mantap betul
mantuul:mantap betul
mantappp:mantap
muantap:mantap
makasii:makasih
mbangun:membangun
masi:masih
mantappppp:mantap
meranin:berperan
mf:maaf
msh:masih
msk:masuk
majuuu:maju
mslh:masalah
msalah:masalah
majuuuu:maju
music:musik
mantappppbbbsss:mantap
mentri:menteri
mantavvvv:mantap
mantavv:mantap
mikin:membuat
muantull:mantap betul
mcm:macam
mieeeelieeeeoooon:juta
masyrakat:masyarakat
mantav:mantap
me:saya
mantaaaaapp:mantap
muantapz:mantap
manteep:mantap
merdekaa:merdeka
ma:sama
mantep:mantap
mantapppppps:mantap
mudah2:mudah-mudahan
mantapp:mantap
meledakk:meledak
ngeh:sadar
ngabtri:ngantri
ngereport:melaporkan
mnit:menit
ngomong:berbicara
ngegasss:marah
nyerang:menyerang
negri:negeri
nitip:menitipkan
negriiiii:negeri
ngerti:mengerti
ngalahin:mengalahkan
negrikami:negeri kami
nyebut:menyebut
nyampe:sampai
ngakakkkk:tertawa
ngak:tidak
nyesel:menyesal
ngeriii:ngeri
ngena:terkena
ngulang2:mengulang-ngulang
ngalahin:mengalahkan
ngena:mengena
ngalahin:mengalahkan
ngemis:minta minta
ngk:tidak
ngakakkk:tertawa 
nyara:nyata
nongol:muncul
ngulangin:mengulang
ntaps:mantap
nying:anjing
ngomentarin:berkomentar
ngga:tidak
nyindir:mencela
nich:ini
ngakakkkk:tertawa
ngamuk:marah marah
ngarit:mencari rumput
nggak:tidak
n:dan
notice:memperhatikan
no:nomor
nyoblos:mencoblos
ntah:entah
nontn:nonton
nyalib:menyusul
next:selanjutnya
nntn:nonton
nnton:nonton
nyindir:menyindir
niru:meniru
ntab:mantap
nontonkarna:nonton karena
now:sekarang
nicee:baik
ngajak:mengajak
nutupin:menutup
nambah:menambah
najisss:najis
ngakak:tertawa
nuhun:terima kasih
nyerang:menyerang
niatt:niat
no:tidak
nuntut:menuntut
n0nt0n:nonton
nice:baik
ngak:tidak
nyadar:sadar
ntap:mantap
opinion:opini
omg:ya tuhan
org:orang
org2:orang-orang
ori:asli
oot:diluar topik
pectah:pecah
pingin:ingin
petdjahhh:keren
prrabowoooo:prabowo
pemilu:pemilihan umum
pansti:pasti
pemimpinnyah:pemimpinnya
petcaaaahhhh:keren
penduking:pendukung
pectah:keren
prabowooo:prabowo
pilpres:pemilihan presiden 
priode:periode
pas:saat
paati:pasti
pecahhhhhhhhhhhh:pecah
pleciden:presiden
potong":potong potong
president:presiden
pepeeraaaaabowooooooo:prabowo
plastique:plastik
projoct:project
pke:pakai
perabo:prabowo
pntng:penting
pantul:pantun
part:bagian
plastiquee:plastik
pak:bapak
paan:apa
plisss:please
prabokep:prabowo
pakde:pakdhe
praiwo:prabowo
parahhhh:parah
paraahhhhh:parah
phm:paham
paarah:parah
palisa:lalisa
polll:banget
pollll:banget
puteru:ulang-ulang
paan:apa
paslonnya:pasang calon
panikkkkkk:panik
prabowooo:prabowo
poeel:banget
paslon:pasangan calon
pk:bapak
prouunnddddd:bangga
proundddd:bangga
pretty:bagus
plus:ditambah
p:bapak
prabowosandi:prabowo sandi
pecaaaahhhhhh:pecah
parahhh:parah
q:saya
quit:keluar
real:asli
racuuuun:racun
rapwh:rap
rapp:rap
really:sungguh
review:ulasan
rival:lawan
rythem:ritme
report:laporan
request:usul
rimex:remix
reac:reaksi
rispek:menghormati
responnya:tanggapannya
rabb:tuhan
siapaa:siapa
sangaat:sangat
shiap:siap
suwe:sialan
sya:saya
syukaaakk:suka
satu2nya:satu-satunya
seandai:seandainya
syekaliiiiii:sekali
seruuu:seru
sharing":membagi-bagikan
sekiannnn:sekian
speed:kecepatan
suk:besok
sickkk:sakit
sebarin:menyebarkan
sori:maaf
sukaaa:suka
setengah2:setengah-setengah
srek:cocok
sp:siapa
stlh:setelah
skrg:sekarang
spek:spesifikasi
sampek:sampai
sgt:sangat
sodara2:saudara-saudara
seneng:senang
same:sama
skg:sekarang
sue:sial
shskrng:sekarang
salut:bangga
sindir2an:sindir-sindiran
sll:selalu
saat2:saat saat
spa:siapa
skill:kemampuan
sewot:kesal
setingan:diatur
sukur:syukur
stuju:setuju
semangaattttttttt:semangat
sensitiv:sensitif
syngnya:sayangnya
subs:subscribe
share:menyebarkan
semalem:semalam
si4pa:siapa
sll:selalu
santay:santai
sbg:sebagai
sy:saya
savage:kejam
surfing:berselancar
stuck:tetap
susbnya:subcriber
subsback:subscribe
sharing:membagikan
smpe:sampai
sok:silahkan
sampe:sampai
segininya:bagus
stay:tetap
sick:sakit
subiantoket:subianto
shadapppppppp:sedap
sdah:sudah
sprti:seperti
sbatas:sebatas
sbgainy:sebagainya
skinyy:skinnyindonesian24
sbgai:sebagai
skiny:skinnyindonesian24
skinny:skinnyindonesian24
stop:menghentikan
sejahtre:sejahtera
sumpahhh:sumpah
see:lihat
skip:lewati
stuju:setuju
sudh:sudah
se7:setuju
sdkit:sedikit
subcribe:subscribe
song:lagu
skuyy:ayok
sedulur:saudara
sub:subscribe
seprti:seperti
sumpaaah:sumpah
sekut:ayok
sdg:sedang
suwangar:sangar
sikasi:asik
sammpe:sampai
superrrrrr:super
superrrrrrrr:super
sapa:siapa
sumpaaaah:sumpah
samaan:sama
sama²:sama-sama
slam:salam
sterusnya:seterusnya
sm:sama
sobat:teman
system:sistem
soalnua:soalnya
salfok:salah fokus
subs:subscribe
subtitel:terjemah
th:tahun
tdk:tidak
terussss:terus
tiru:meniru
tuu:itu
team:tim
tgs:tugas
terun:turun
terbaek:terbaik
tgl:tanggal
tl:linimasa
thun:tahun
tonkoltol:kontol
teren:trending
trend:trending
teteplah:tetap
terbaikk:terbaik
terepiccccc:terepik
trimakasih:terima kasih
terimakasih:terima kasih
taek:tai
tetep:tetap
tsb:tersebut
ttp:tetap
tiruuu:tiru
tpi:tapi
tuh:itu
tenan:banget
triggret:pemicu
top:mantap
thx:terima kasih
tinimbang:ketimbang
tlong:tolong
ter00s:terus
teranan:terangan
topic:topik
tgas:tegas
tar:nanti
too:juga
to:untuk
tulis:menulis
thanks:terima kasih
tru:benar
tonton:menonton
thebest:terbaik
tiba2:tiba tiba
truee:benar
tobat:taubat
tampa:tanpa
tdk:tidak
totaaal:total
trendinggg:trending
teeeerrrlaluuu:terlalu
thn:tahun
tambahain:ditambahkan
tka:tenaga kerja asing
to:untuk
ttep:tetap
tak:tidak
tkt:takut
trs:terus
tsakep:bagus
uhsheup:siap
urang:orang
upload:unggah
utk:untuk
ujarana:ujaran
u:kamu
user:pengguna
usernya:penggunanya
useless:tidak berguna
usa:usah
unek2:unek unek
uwu:lucu
upp:up
uppp:up
udh:sudah
ulang":ulang-ulang
urus:mengurus
vidio:video
vidioo:video
videox:videonya
vuman:cuma
views:menonton
vierws:penonton
viewers:penonton
videony:videonya
vidio:videonya
videoklip:video klip
w:saya
wouwwww:wow
waw:wow
win:menang
wakil'a:wakilnya
wong:orang
Waahhh:wow
wagelaseeehh:keren
waaaww:wow
wowwwww:wow
wkwowkoko:tertawa
wkwkww:tertawa
wuabiisss:banget
war:perang
widi:wow
wae:aja
wedus:kambing
waeeeee:aja
what:apa
Wahgelahseh:keren
wagelaseh:keren
wowo:prabowo
wkwk:tertawa
wkwkw:tertawa
wadepak:sialan
wktu:waktu
wkwkwk:tertawa
wowowowo:prabowo
wagelasehhhh:keren
wagelaseeeeehhhh:keren
wowwww:wow
you:kamu
yutub:youtube
yoi:iya
yaa:iya
yo:iya
yt:youtube
youtiber:youtuber
yg:yang
yang:yang
yess:iya
yng:yang
youtuber2:youtuber youtuber
yutuber:youtuber
youtuberr:youtuber
youtober:youtuber
youtub:youtube
y4ng:yang
yeqan:yakan
yoeee:iya
yiga:tiga